
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.854620                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2854619776000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2854619776000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 162164                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   244445                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45379846                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3290724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 62905.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 10200952545                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15376810655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           140288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           594560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              734848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       140288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         140288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks       326912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           326912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              2192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              9290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks           5108                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5108                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst               49144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data              208280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                 257424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          49144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total             49144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks           114520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                114520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks           114520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst              49144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data             208280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total                371944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11482                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5108                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11482                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5108                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  729536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   324992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   734848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                326912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      83                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   2854619757000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11482                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5108                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     263.753198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.332330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    315.964499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2018     50.61%     50.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          719     18.03%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          294      7.37%     76.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          202      5.07%     81.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          137      3.44%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           99      2.48%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      1.76%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.85%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          414     10.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.665563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.853497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     239.705988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            296     98.01%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      1.66%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.814570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.783622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.033679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               183     60.60%     60.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.33%     60.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               111     36.75%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.66%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     873463750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1087195000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      76626.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 95376.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          0.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       0.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       12.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8295                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                   172068701.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                  14451360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   7654515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 42975660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                12131280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          1460999280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             645839070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              94538400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy       2636205540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2257838400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy      682306522740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            689479229355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             241.531021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          2852957059500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     195125500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      622322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  2841296166000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5879799750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      845226250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5781136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                  14094360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   7476150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 38413200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                14375880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          1486199520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             565096290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy              96316800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy       2792657430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2334895680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy      682212985620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            689562694350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             241.560260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          2853129075750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     198529250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      632934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  2840924568250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6080430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      659078250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6124236250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups              1481429949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted        1481429949                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          58463947                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            829126232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                25916551                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            2483575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups       829126232                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits          705620587                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses        123505645                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted     20898821                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  1477812649                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   877337710                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        452325                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          2152                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1220606812                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          7174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       5709239553                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles         1301479703                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                    12183715198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                  1481429949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          731537138                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    4346484605                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles               117154028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                          4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                51102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         39638                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       205718                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                1220599719                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              16224532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         5706837791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.255697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.507899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               2641905616     46.29%     46.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                211483824      3.71%     50.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                250105102      4.38%     54.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                152826491      2.68%     57.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                211800182      3.71%     60.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                186422680      3.27%     64.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                276333422      4.84%     68.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                235436220      4.13%     73.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8               1540524254     26.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           5706837791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.259479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.134035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles               1032659845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            2018619024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                1718377155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles             878604753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               58577014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            18081934996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               58577014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles               1348048046                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               361567865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles        8660421                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                2267531443                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            1662453002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            17832959096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents              17443043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents             1353115033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1916643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              109571140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands         23832836093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups           48555202030                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups      30439949391                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups        2341540237                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           20968230862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps               2864605231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts             965900                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        1125367                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                3991661329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           1549972550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           934456459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         123195027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         64088114                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                17369337281                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              963072                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               16717834653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          17121487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1993489697                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2704591440                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         963022                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    5706837791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.929439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.049519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           794437244     13.92%     13.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           722768057     12.66%     26.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          1120582545     19.64%     46.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          1031276545     18.07%     64.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           723233000     12.67%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           486870202      8.53%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           536622813      9.40%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           215327097      3.77%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            75720288      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      5706837791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               251179689     96.31%     96.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     96.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     96.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               1635531      0.63%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                3503867      1.34%     98.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                404671      0.16%     98.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           2443668      0.94%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          1632824      0.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          31010716      0.19%      0.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           13665791179     81.74%     81.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             86327068      0.52%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv              10599173      0.06%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           538968322      3.22%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           1212160709      7.25%     92.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           766990494      4.59%     97.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       287539899      1.72%     99.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      118447093      0.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            16717834653                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.928207                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   260800250                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.015600                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        37007544800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       17898169512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  15337371740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          2412884034                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         1465774245                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1177720258                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses            15737553932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses              1210070255                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         85573501                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    209695221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       378011                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       225894                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    113066981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        83304                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      18862732                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               58577014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               226499489                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               2332766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         17370300353                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           4374933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            1549972550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            934456459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             954050                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1188082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               1131797                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         225894                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       20424954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     48946558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             69371512                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           16583207797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            1477602611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         134626856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   2354922954                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches               1278800142                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  877320343                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.904626                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    16534545122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   16515091998                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers               13084118371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               25645158785                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.892696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.510198                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1993491631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          58467191                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5422226330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.835885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.769859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    894844746     16.50%     16.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1719151347     31.71%     48.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    680631131     12.55%     60.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    581748965     10.73%     71.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    212567975      3.92%     75.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    161173265      2.97%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6    155963422      2.88%     81.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7    169932438      3.13%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    846213041     15.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5422226330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts          10200952545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            15376810655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     2161666807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    1340277329                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                          12                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                 1188483446                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                 1100705271                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts               14660018430                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17565568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     13596962      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      12599897256     81.94%     82.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        84740350      0.55%     82.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          9887590      0.06%     82.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      507021690      3.30%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      1088896428      7.08%     93.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      705940852      4.59%     97.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    251380901      1.63%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite    115448626      0.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       15376810655                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events             846213041                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  21946315575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                 35026894264                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          495004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2401762                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                 10200952545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   15376810655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.559677                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.559677                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.786745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.786745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              28218889742                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes             13428551211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                2058732623                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes               1005690522                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                9310553296                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes               7830573199                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads              5091394156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12711809                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.971942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          2160298700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12712833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            169.930550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            171500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.971942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        4401618951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       4401618951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   1339259753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      1339259753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    821038946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      821038946                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    2160298699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       2160298699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   2160298699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      2160298699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     33786516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      33786516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       367844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       367844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     34154360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       34154360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     34154360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      34154360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 344351997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 344351997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5874559069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5874559069                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 350226556069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 350226556069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 350226556069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 350226556069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   1373046269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1373046269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    821406790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    821406790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   2194453059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2194453059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   2194453059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2194453059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10191.994848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10191.994848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15970.245726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15970.245726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10254.226871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10254.226871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10254.226871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10254.226871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     45901391                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           4187754                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.960861                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11946480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          11946480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21440380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     21440380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         1146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21441526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21441526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21441526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21441526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12346136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12346136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       366698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       366698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12712834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12712834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12712834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12712834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 149678174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 149678174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5495823569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5495823569                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 155173997569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 155173997569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 155173997569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 155173997569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000446                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000446                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12123.483331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12123.483331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14987.328998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14987.328998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12206.090127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12206.090127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12206.090127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12206.090127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2849450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.201933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1217647808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2849706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            427.288923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.201933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2444045990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2444045990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1217647808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1217647808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1217647808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1217647808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1217647808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1217647808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2950333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2950333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2950333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2950333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2950333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2950333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37938158506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37938158506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37938158506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  37938158506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37938158506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  37938158506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1220598141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1220598141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1220598141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1220598141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1220598141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1220598141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12858.941179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12858.941179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12858.941179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12858.941179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12858.941179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12858.941179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2397540                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1843                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs            205170                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.685627                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   614.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       100624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       100624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       100624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       100624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2849709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2849709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2849709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2849709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2849709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2849709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34428755062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34428755062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34428755062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34428755062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34428755062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34428755062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12081.498519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12081.498519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12081.498519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12081.498519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12081.498519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12081.498519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       31123802                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     15561261                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              347                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          347                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            15195764                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      11951588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           3617109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             366777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            366777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       15195765                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8548866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     38137477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                46686343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    182381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1578196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               1760577280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              7439                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                      326976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           15569981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.000023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.004802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 15569622    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      359      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             15569981                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          27508381000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          4274562499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         19069251497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 7438                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3660.667971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               31111970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs              2697.413733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.291525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   811.482536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2846.893910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.198116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.695042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.893718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            249001910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           249001910                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11946480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     11946480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        359283                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           359283                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst      2847515                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data     12344260                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     15191775                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          2847515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data         12703543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total            15551058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2847515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        12703543                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total           15551058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         7494                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           7494                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         2193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1796                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           2193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           9290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          2193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          9290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1151219000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1151219000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250818500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    208922500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    459741000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250818500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1360141500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1610960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    250818500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1360141500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1610960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11946480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11946480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       366777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       366777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2849708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12346056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15195764                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2849708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     12712833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        15562541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2849708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     12712833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       15562541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.020432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.000738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.000738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 153618.761676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153618.761676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 114372.321021                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 116326.559020                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115252.193532                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 114372.321021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 146409.203445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140290.864757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 114372.321021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 146409.203445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140290.864757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks            5108                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5108                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          292                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          292                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         7494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         7494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1796                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3989                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1076279000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076279000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228898500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    190962500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419861000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228898500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1267241500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1496140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    228898500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1267241500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1496140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 143618.761676                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143618.761676                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104376.880985                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 106326.559020                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105254.700426                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104376.880985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 136409.203445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130291.735609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104376.880985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 136409.203445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130291.735609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         18866                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7384                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2854619776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        30348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11482                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   11482    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11482                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19649000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           30857000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
