
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.140591                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3140591189000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3140591189000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 158114                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   238340                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48678971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3289704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 64516.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 10200952545                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15376810655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           146560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           587648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              734208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       146560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         146560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks       332032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           332032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              2290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              9182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks           5188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst               46666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data              187114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                 233780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          46666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total             46666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks           105723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                105723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks           105723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst              46666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data             187114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total                339503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11472                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  729024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   330688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   734208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                332032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      81                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   3140591110000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5188                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     262.425447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    146.310843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    315.869643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2061     51.22%     51.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          727     18.07%     69.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          275      6.83%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          201      5.00%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          144      3.58%     84.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           90      2.24%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      1.74%     88.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           48      1.19%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          408     10.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.327869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     243.897325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            300     98.36%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      1.31%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.940984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.910003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.030677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               164     53.77%     53.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.66%     54.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               132     43.28%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      2.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     881770000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1095351250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      77409.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 96159.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8283                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4238                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                   188510870.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                  14479920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   7669695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 42375900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                13154400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          1443174720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             617311710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              99525120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy       2580489750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2245745760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy      750986785020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            758050772565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             241.371999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          3138978105250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     209134500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      614764000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  3127470848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5848318500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      789142500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5658981500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                  14344260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   7601385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 38955840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                13817340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          1499106960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             617132160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy              96291360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy       2708361840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2415561600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy      750814912380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            758226159945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             241.427844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          3138986861250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     197675250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      638412000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  3126756987500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6290508250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      768240500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5939365500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups              1699614761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted        1699614761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          95320717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups           1136558068                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                30228508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            4374277                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups      1136558068                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits          774058837                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses        362499231                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted     37119205                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  1565614087                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   886256124                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        722568                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         54641                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1358507141                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                         34697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       6281182379                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles         1464186828                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                    13586834069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                  1699614761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          804287345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    4718064330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles               190913024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                         93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                70776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        206372                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       300773                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                1358472525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              22908947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         6278285691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.352931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.533419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               2840905381     45.25%     45.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                240872893      3.84%     49.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                254315488      4.05%     53.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                166817904      2.66%     55.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                235713160      3.75%     59.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                197387425      3.14%     62.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                302086236      4.81%     67.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                263102233      4.19%     71.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8               1777084971     28.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           6278285691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.270588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.163101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles               1156826351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            2126274674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                2039364644                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles             860363510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               95456512                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            20204812034                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               95456512                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles               1480987250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               533558405                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       10855435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                2551309911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            1606118178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            19762062450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents              14166164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents             1310600528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1711945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              107188444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands         26352367786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups           53272133158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups      33300628422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups        2558000720                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           20968230862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps               5384136924                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            1430374                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        1614002                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                3856470213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           1723235273                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           974848365                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         119612931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         55302499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                18922185691                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             1407908                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               17644066059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          35169076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      3546782943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   5102390545                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        1407858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    6278285691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.810332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.124969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          1143067958     18.21%     18.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           772681622     12.31%     30.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          1139542952     18.15%     48.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          1047819842     16.69%     65.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           748219792     11.92%     77.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           517594657      8.24%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           583456760      9.29%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           239970870      3.82%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            85931238      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      6278285691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               274492336     96.20%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               1289172      0.45%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                3729271      1.31%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                409982      0.14%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           3928509      1.38%     99.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          1484768      0.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          43480117      0.25%      0.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           14438351962     81.83%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             88276912      0.50%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv              10618710      0.06%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           552528925      3.13%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           1297584239      7.35%     93.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           778685392      4.41%     97.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       315493815      1.79%     99.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      119045987      0.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            17644066059                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.809036                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   285334038                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.016172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        39357670393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       20801183286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  16105493934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          2529250530                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         1669356939                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1213870174                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses            16617537680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses              1268382300                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         84195225                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    382957944                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       640403                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       259522                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    153458887                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        67440                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      17278442                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               95456512                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               408227843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               2333821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         18923593599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           6692849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            1723235273                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            974848365                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            1403934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1204453                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               1115602                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         259522                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       35017353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     78550082                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts            113567435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           17420308967                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            1565408392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         223757092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   2451646663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches               1325113732                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  886238271                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.773412                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    17354304123                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   17319364108                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers               13694532924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               26534757677                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.757341                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.516098                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts      3546784995                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          95333902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5775038499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.662633                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.728962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1159791299     20.08%     20.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1773065208     30.70%     50.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    710955477     12.31%     63.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    596705173     10.33%     73.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    227061317      3.93%     77.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    164111951      2.84%     80.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6    155822512      2.70%     82.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7    172225617      2.98%     85.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    815299945     14.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5775038499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts          10200952545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            15376810655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     2161666807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    1340277329                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                          12                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                 1188483446                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                 1100705271                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts               14660018430                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17565568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     13596962      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      12599897256     81.94%     82.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        84740350      0.55%     82.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          9887590      0.06%     82.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      507021690      3.30%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      1088896428      7.08%     93.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      705940852      4.59%     97.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    251380901      1.63%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite    115448626      0.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       15376810655                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events             815299945                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  23883334204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                 38352999558                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          568036                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2896688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                 10200952545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   15376810655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.615745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.615745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.624050                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.624050                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              29152686523                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes             14142276813                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                2109195310                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes               1045079629                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                9521108525                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes               8101613717                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads              5363765205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12907459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.974053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          2250245541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12908483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            174.323005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            171500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.974053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        4582806755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       4582806755                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   1429203708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      1429203708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    821041831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      821041831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    2250245539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       2250245539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   2250245539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      2250245539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     34338638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      34338638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       364959                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       364959                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     34703597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       34703597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     34703597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      34703597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 350614403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 350614403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5838887501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5838887501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 356453290501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 356453290501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 356453290501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 356453290501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   1463542346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1463542346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    821406790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    821406790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   2284949136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2284949136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   2284949136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2284949136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10210.492420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10210.492420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15998.749177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15998.749177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10271.364392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10271.364392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10271.364392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10271.364392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     41154744                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3874943                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.620735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12138273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          12138273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21794158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     21794158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21795112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21795112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21795112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21795112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12544480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12544480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       364005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       364005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12908485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12908485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12908485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12908485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 151899874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 151899874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5428001501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5428001501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 157327875501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 157327875501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 157327875501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 157327875501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12108.901605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12108.901605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14911.887202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14911.887202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12187.942698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12187.942698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12187.942698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12187.942698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           3290707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.273369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1355054056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           3290963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            411.750012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.273369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2720232733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2720232733                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1355054056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1355054056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1355054056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1355054056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1355054056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1355054056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      3416828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       3416828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      3416828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        3416828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      3416828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       3416828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  43823457682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43823457682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  43823457682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  43823457682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  43823457682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  43823457682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1358470884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1358470884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1358470884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1358470884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1358470884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1358470884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12825.772231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12825.772231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12825.772231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12825.772231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12825.772231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12825.772231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3024831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs            256619                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.787245                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   616.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       125862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       125862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       125862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       125862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       125862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3290966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3290966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3290966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3290966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      3290966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3290966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  39750924806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39750924806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  39750924806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39750924806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  39750924806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39750924806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12078.801424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12078.801424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12078.801424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12078.801424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12078.801424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12078.801424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       32397617                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16198168                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              351                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          351                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            15835375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      12143461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           4062140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             364073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            364073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       15835376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9872636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     38724429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                48597065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    210621632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1602992384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               1813614016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              7437                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                      332160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           16206886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.000022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.004713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 16206526    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      360      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             16206886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          28337081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          4936448498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         19362726997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 7435                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3649.654964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               32385791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs              2808.584771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.261997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   861.422724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2784.970244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.210308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.679924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.891029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            259192435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           259192435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12138273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     12138273                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        356660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           356660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst      3288673                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data     12542641                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     15831314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          3288673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data         12899301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total            16187974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         3288673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        12899301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total           16187974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         7413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           7413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4060                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           2291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           9182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          2291                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          9182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11473                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1115615500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1115615500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    277107000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    225960000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    503067000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    277107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1341575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1618682500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    277107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1341575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1618682500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12138273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12138273                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       364073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       364073                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3290964                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12544410                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     15835374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      3290964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     12908483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        16199447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      3290964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     12908483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       16199447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.020361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000696                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.000708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.000708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 150494.469176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150494.469176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 120954.604976                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 127733.182589                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123908.128079                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 120954.604976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 146109.289915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141086.245969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 120954.604976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 146109.289915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141086.245969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks            5188                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5188                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          290                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          290                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         7413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         7413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1769                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1041485500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041485500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    254207000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    208270000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462477000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    254207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1249755500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503962500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    254207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1249755500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503962500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 140494.469176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140494.469176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 110958.969882                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117733.182589                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113910.591133                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 110958.969882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 136109.289915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131087.117580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 110958.969882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 136109.289915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131087.117580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         18846                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7374                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3140591189000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        30318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1066240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1066240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1066240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   11472    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19799000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           30834750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
