
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.991649                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5991649213000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5991649213000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 142550                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   204828                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45230753                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3311796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                132468.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18883360650                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   27133215793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst          1272128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data        146657024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           147929152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1272128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1272128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks     76214912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         76214912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst             19877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data           2291516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              2311393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks        1190858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1190858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst              212317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            24476904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               24689221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         212317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            212317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks         12720189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12720189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks         12720189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst             212317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           24476904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              37409410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      2311393                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1190858                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    2311393                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1190858                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               147915008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 76212480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                147929152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              76214912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     221                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             145206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             142178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             142487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             140391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             141255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             141777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             143875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             145629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             140645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             147890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            152291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            145350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            144860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            144838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            145920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            146580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              72866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              72753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              71718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              72675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              72538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              73263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              73227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              71924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              76664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             76951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             73780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             76538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             76709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             77389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             76975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   5991649126500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                2311393                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1190858                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  2071246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   237606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     2108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   37587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   37868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   64352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   69976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   69984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   70054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   69948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   69937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   69888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   69927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   70039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   70043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   70172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   70101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   70285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   71084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   69723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   69733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       776138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     288.769265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    189.262356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    273.775931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        233142     30.04%     30.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       203441     26.21%     56.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       113050     14.57%     70.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        70471      9.08%     79.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43299      5.58%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        26348      3.39%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        32626      4.20%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21191      2.73%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        32570      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        776138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        69667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       32.907589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      24.574013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     203.259287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         69654     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          69667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        69667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.093028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.063244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             31724     45.54%     45.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               264      0.38%     45.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             37203     53.40%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               431      0.62%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                42      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          69667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   73733765000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             117068240000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 11555860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      31903.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 50653.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         24.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      24.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1727651                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   998192                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1710799.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                2682019620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                1425515850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               8159577720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              3047905800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          138713184480.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           76751454750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            6540272640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy     369778847970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy     180736735680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy      1108038451740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            1895895827790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             316.423035                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          5806252806500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11586477000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    58919936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  4524666874250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 470666353000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   114889951000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 810919621750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                2859684240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                1519927860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               8342190360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              3168174600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          140904990720.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           76688565510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            6616807680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy     378645098790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy     183120754080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy      1102024093800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            1903912299660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             317.760976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          5806197178000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11637247750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    59848680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  4498953298500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 476878774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   113965685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 830365527250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups              1212023213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted        1212023213                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          57128373                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            857513913                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                59366767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             992146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups       857513913                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits          556133280                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses        301380633                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted     30208793                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  4883015408                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   329761390                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        651999                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        214810                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1649051317                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                        239125                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                  1804                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                      11983298427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles         1688508514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                    21354862706                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                  1212023213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          615500047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                   10232977965                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles               114558426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles               145536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       2615757                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        61497                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                1648812396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              16438443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples        11981588875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.615564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.451616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               7072531955     59.03%     59.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                176753925      1.48%     60.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                216937440      1.81%     62.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                248009159      2.07%     64.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                738329651      6.16%     70.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                234756280      1.96%     72.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                190088097      1.59%     74.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                117135690      0.98%     75.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8               2987046678     24.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total          11981588875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.101143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.782052                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles               1318667430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            6640371162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                1575157509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles            2390113561                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               57279213                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            30505891322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               57279213                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles               2210665438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               861920748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       23922196                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                3052867562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            5774933718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            30208518599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents              55205050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents             5298469926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               23529831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               38738261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands         48088282843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups           76332729061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups      56750597392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups        1618464309                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           44066119369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps               4022163474                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            5603548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        5605604                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts               12188618994                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           5125706634                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           405646994                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         181493409                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         95784966                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                29670942937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            48749104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               28596620998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          11086131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2586476247                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3459403572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       48746982                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   11981588875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.386714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.723519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          1250827991     10.44%     10.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1          3373810500     28.16%     38.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          1881835541     15.71%     54.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          2829511646     23.62%     77.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          1435030290     11.98%     89.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           533065591      4.45%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           326336933      2.72%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           202229299      1.69%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8           148941084      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     11981588875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               134859913     93.98%     93.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     93.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     93.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               4300448      3.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     3      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     96.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1257918      0.88%     97.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                720512      0.50%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           2361435      1.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             4717      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          33219467      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           22540802837     78.82%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             81633495      0.29%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv              76605037      0.27%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           629697597      2.20%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 562      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           4709576600     16.47%     98.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           331729626      1.16%     99.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       187825157      0.66%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        5530620      0.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            28596620998                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.386373                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   143504946                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.005018                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        67653767583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       31284205747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  27642786262                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          1675654365                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         1022004853                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    828744084                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses            27866006990                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses               840899487                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         51924347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    430341688                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        53516                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        59157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    120702720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2769                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       3076155                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               57279213                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               523665659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              22900590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         29719692041                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           7329421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            5125706634                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            405646994                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           19974091                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                8910968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              12158402                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          59157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       16980204                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     46264511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             63244715                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           28509672522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            4882994703                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          86948476                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   5212754644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches               1011001934                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  329759941                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.379117                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    28487568871                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   28471530346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers               26102547883                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               48724193518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.375934                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.535720                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2586484088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            2122                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          57244262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  11618461719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.335354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.398688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1470338508     12.66%     12.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   5550055296     47.77%     60.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    546732108      4.71%     65.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3   1646601166     14.17%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    554634608      4.77%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    324310994      2.79%     86.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6    236871258      2.04%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22770415      0.20%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8   1266147366     10.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  11618461719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts          18883360650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            27133215793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     4980309220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    4695364946                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         104                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  901477881                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                  797441359                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts               26581594558                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             36633461                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     24297606      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      21371043225     78.76%     78.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        77401049      0.29%     79.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         76598040      0.28%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      603566365      2.22%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            288      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4518174022     16.65%     98.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      279434743      1.03%     99.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    177190924      0.65%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      5509531      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       27133215793                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events            1266147366                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  40072014234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                 59805008087                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           40807                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1709552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                 18883360650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   27133215793                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.634596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.634596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.575807                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.575807                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              53701194218                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes             26552067351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                1435782321                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                802115594                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                9217848630                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes              18454431380                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads              7322174025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6712569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.990374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          5100280363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6713593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            759.694602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            170000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.990374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       10232231781                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses      10232231781                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   4817574853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      4817574853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    282705509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      282705509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    5100280362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       5100280362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   5100280362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      5100280362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     10239279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      10239279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2239453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2239453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12478732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12478732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12478732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12478732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 536809632500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 536809632500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  80841502442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  80841502442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 617651134942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 617651134942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 617651134942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 617651134942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   4827814132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   4827814132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    284944962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    284944962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   5112759094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   5112759094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   5112759094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   5112759094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007859                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007859                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52426.507032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52426.507032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36098.771638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36098.771638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49496.305790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49496.305790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49496.305790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49496.305790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     48124429                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3604                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1331539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.141960                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   171.619048                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2901480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2901480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      5764553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5764553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      5765138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      5765138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      5765138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      5765138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4474726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4474726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2238868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2238868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6713594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6713594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6713594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6713594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 198893970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 198893970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  78547181959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  78547181959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 277441151959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 277441151959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 277441151959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 277441151959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44448.301416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44448.301416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35083.435897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35083.435897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41325.280015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41325.280015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41325.280015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41325.280015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            119310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.743418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1648683061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            119566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          13788.895347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.743418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3297743584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3297743584                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1648683061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1648683061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1648683061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1648683061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1648683061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1648683061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       128947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        128947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       128947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         128947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       128947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        128947                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3517346370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3517346370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3517346370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3517346370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3517346370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3517346370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1648812008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1648812008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1648812008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1648812008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1648812008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1648812008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27277.457948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27277.457948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27277.457948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27277.457948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27277.457948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27277.457948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       853378                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             12312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.312703                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         9378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         9378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         9378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       119569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       119569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       119569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       119569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       119569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       119569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3064160460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3064160460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3064160460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3064160460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   3064160460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3064160460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25626.713111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25626.713111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25626.713111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25626.713111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 25626.713111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25626.713111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       13665042                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6831882                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           75                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            17105                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             4593974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       4092338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           5048251                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            2239187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           2239187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        4593975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       358446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     20139757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                20498203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7652288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    615364672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                623016960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                           2308711                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    76214976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            9141873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.001880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.043314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  9124690     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    17183      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              9141873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           9734001000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           179360982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         10070398483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements              2308710                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4095.887569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               11336543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              2312806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.901640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.564657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    46.871985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4043.450928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.001359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.011443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.987171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            111632702                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           111632702                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2901480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2901480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       1579513                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total          1579513                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst        99689                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      2842564                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2942253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            99689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          4422077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total             4521766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           99689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data         4422077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total            4521766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       659674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         659674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst        19879                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1631842                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1651721                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          19879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        2291516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           2311395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         19879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       2291516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          2311395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  58588637500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  58588637500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1837536000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 162262839000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 164100375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1837536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 220851476500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 222689012500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1837536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 220851476500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 222689012500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2901480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2901480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      2239187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2239187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst       119568                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4474406                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4593974                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       119568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6713593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         6833161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       119568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6713593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        6833161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.294604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.294604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.166257                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.364706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359541                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.166257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.338261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.166257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.338261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88814.531875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88814.531875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92436.038030                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 99435.385901                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99351.146471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92436.038030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96377.889790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96343.988154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92436.038030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96377.889790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96343.988154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         1190858                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1190858                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        15636                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        15636                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       659674                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       659674                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19878                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1631842                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1651720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2291516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2311394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2291516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2311394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51991897500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51991897500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1638705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 145944419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 147583124500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1638705500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 197936316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 199575022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1638705500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 197936316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 199575022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.294604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.166248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.364706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.166248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.166248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78814.531875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78814.531875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82438.147701                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 89435.385901                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89351.176047                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82438.147701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86377.889790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86344.007988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 82438.147701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86377.889790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86344.007988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4618664                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2307274                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5991649213000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1651719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1190858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1116413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            659674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           659674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1651719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6930057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      6930057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6930057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    224144064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    224144064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               224144064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2311393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2311393    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2311393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4691048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         6230598500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
