
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.131507                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3131507173500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3131507173500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 159345                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   240196                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48916130                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3287656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 64017.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 10200952545                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15376810655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           139456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           586944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              726400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       139456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         139456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks       329472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           329472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              2179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              9171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks           5148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst               44533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data              187432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                 231965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          44533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total             44533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks           105212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                105212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks           105212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst              44533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data             187432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total                337177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5148                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5148                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  721984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   327872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   726464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                329472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   3131507149500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11351                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5148                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     271.006211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    149.670305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    323.641624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1951     50.49%     50.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          691     17.88%     68.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          280      7.25%     75.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          171      4.43%     80.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      3.31%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          103      2.67%     86.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           74      1.92%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      1.16%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          421     10.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.049342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      19.002627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     242.093252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            301     99.01%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.66%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.851974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.821072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.031419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               178     58.55%     58.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.33%     58.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               118     38.82%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      1.97%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     815793750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1027312500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      72315.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 91065.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8299                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4227                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                   189799815.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                  13808760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   7316760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 41868960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                12152160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          1323934560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             636625590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              85838400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy       2351250570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2030519520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy      749025387600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            755528793090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             241.266825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime          3129887234000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     177173500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      563952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  3119443257250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5287833750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      878701750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5156255250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                  13873020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   7347120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 38670240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                14589900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          1438872240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             540615360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy              92117280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy       2775061530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2225813280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy      748742892960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            755890028310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             241.382180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime          3130081307000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     189178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      612734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  3118199261250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5796406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      623954500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6085639750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups              1661243280                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted        1661243280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          88850208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups           1001556738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                29889723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1207530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups      1001556738                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits          871082541                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses        130474197                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      8434481                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  1538533838                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   882356878                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        247487                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1376195041                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           545                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       6263014348                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles         1460753852                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                    13434022904                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                  1661243280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          900972264                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    4711367023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles               177917096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                26247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          3425                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        97857                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                1376194572                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              16732762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         6261206965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.309391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.500927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0               2813923284     44.94%     44.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                247795510      3.96%     48.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                287387898      4.59%     53.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                193527541      3.09%     56.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                235249637      3.76%     60.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                199221804      3.18%     63.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                315905136      5.05%     68.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                260480081      4.16%     72.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8               1707716074     27.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           6261206965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.265247                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.144977                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles               1174055974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles            2094391340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                2047199034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles             856602069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               88958548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts            19942025619                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               88958548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles               1484864365                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               522940448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles        6126107                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                2561464151                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles            1596853346                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts            19583806673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents              15570160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents             1296900542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                1792451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents              106608924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands         26347965504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups           53085685519                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups      33445089873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups        2308970421                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps           20968230862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps               5379734642                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts             490886                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         542813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                3833732469                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads           1691693410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           969773083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         120280315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         45287867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                18833913088                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              492078                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued               17526551775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          27435101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      3457594510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   5291099132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         492028                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    6261206965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.799229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.088836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0          1093675971     17.47%     17.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           791319513     12.64%     30.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          1155968065     18.46%     48.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          1086427204     17.35%     65.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           748171629     11.95%     77.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5           519386217      8.30%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           563014563      8.99%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7           229640883      3.67%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            73602920      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      6261206965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               267853978     96.80%     96.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     96.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     96.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               1853054      0.67%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                3110792      1.12%     98.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                418412      0.15%     98.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           1850515      0.67%     99.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          1607758      0.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          21784542      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           14395372198     82.13%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             86272607      0.49%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               9896350      0.06%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           542852075      3.10%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     85.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           1298054397      7.41%     93.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           769381079      4.39%     97.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       282552501      1.61%     99.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      120386026      0.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total            17526551775                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.798421                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   276694509                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.015787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads        39201624271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       20851178536                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  16059179909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          2416815854                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         1440969441                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1183331445                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses            16569399482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses              1212062260                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         80179418                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    351416081                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       194353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       234347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    148383605                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        34125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      17406195                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               88958548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               387424383                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               2529472                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts         18834405166                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           7099266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            1691693410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            969773083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             487618                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1346252                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               1167704                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         234347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       50601774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     48941437                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             99543211                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts           17339257843                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            1538334083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         187293932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                   2420673511                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches               1304562641                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  882339428                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.768516                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                    17266350191                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                   17242511354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers               13686170190                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers               26612603278                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.753069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.514274                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts      3457596542                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          88850394                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5785378484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.657875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.712411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1143981184     19.77%     19.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1795871087     31.04%     50.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    698812870     12.08%     62.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    604048458     10.44%     73.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    240635247      4.16%     77.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    168497446      2.91%     80.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6    164608198      2.85%     83.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7    172900904      2.99%     86.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    796023090     13.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5785378484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts          10200952545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps            15376810655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                     2161666807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                    1340277329                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                          12                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                 1188483446                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                 1100705271                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts               14660018430                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17565568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     13596962      0.09%      0.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      12599897256     81.94%     82.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        84740350      0.55%     82.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          9887590      0.06%     82.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      507021690      3.30%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      1088896428      7.08%     93.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      705940852      4.59%     97.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    251380901      1.63%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite    115448626      0.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total       15376810655                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events             796023090                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                  23823762591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                 38145699615                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          375540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1807383                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                 10200952545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                   15376810655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.613964                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.613964                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.628761                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.628761                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads              29119649652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes             14136577780                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                2067677881                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes               1005742006                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                9486834012                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes               8101391633                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads              5283445711                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12580297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.974359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          2228230736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12581321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            177.106262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            171500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.974359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        4537093375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       4537093375                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data   1407193370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      1407193370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    821037366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      821037366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data    2228230736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       2228230736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data   2228230736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      2228230736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     33655867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      33655867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       369424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       369424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     34025291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       34025291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     34025291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      34025291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 342131514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 342131514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5895098701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5895098701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 348026613201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 348026613201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 348026613201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 348026613201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data   1440849237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1440849237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    821406790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    821406790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data   2262256027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2262256027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data   2262256027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2262256027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10165.583151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10165.583151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15957.541202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15957.541202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10228.468383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10228.468383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 10228.468383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10228.468383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     40637806                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3823735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.627778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11797629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          11797629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21443395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     21443395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21443970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21443970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data     21443970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21443970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12212472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12212472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       368849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       368849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12581321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12581321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12581321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12581321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 147816218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 147816218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5518730201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518730201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 153334948701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 153334948701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 153334948701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 153334948701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12103.709920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12103.709920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14962.031078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14962.031078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12187.507870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12187.507870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12187.507870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12187.507870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2252643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.105284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1373831823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2252899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            609.806220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.105284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.996505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2754640701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2754640701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1373831823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1373831823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1373831823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1373831823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1373831823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1373831823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2362078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2362078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2362078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2362078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2362078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2362078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  30190161261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30190161261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  30190161261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  30190161261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  30190161261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  30190161261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1376193901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1376193901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1376193901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1376193901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1376193901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1376193901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12781.187269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12781.187269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12781.187269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12781.187269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12781.187269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12781.187269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1770560                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs            149015                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.881757                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       109177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       109177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       109177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       109177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       109177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2252901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2252901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2252901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2252901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2252901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2252901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27255570301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27255570301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27255570301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27255570301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  27255570301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27255570301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12097.988461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.988461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12097.988461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.988461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12097.988461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.988461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       29667162                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     14832941                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              354                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          354                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            14465325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      11802777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           3037469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             368895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            368895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       14465327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6758443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37742939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                44501382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    144185536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1560252800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               1704438336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              7306                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                      329472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           14841528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.000024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.004911                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 14841170    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      358      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             14841528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          26631210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          3379348999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         18871982498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 7306                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             3626.616808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               29655454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs              2600.899316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.582156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   820.830056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2803.204596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.200398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.684376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.885404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            237348674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           237348674                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11797629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     11797629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        361327                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           361327                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst      2250720                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data     12210823                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     14461543                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          2250720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data         12572150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total            14822870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2250720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        12572150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total           14822870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         7568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           7568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3784                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           9171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          9171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1150678000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1150678000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    240841500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    153644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    394486000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    240841500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1304322500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1545164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    240841500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1304322500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1545164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11797629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11797629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       368895                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       368895                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2252901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12212426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     14465327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2252901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     12581321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        14834222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2252901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     12581321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       14834222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.020515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.000765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.000765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 152045.190275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152045.190275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 110427.097662                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 95848.097318                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104251.057082                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 110427.097662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142222.494821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136113.812544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 110427.097662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 142222.494821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136113.812544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks            5148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          301                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          301                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         7568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         7568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1603                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3784                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1074998000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1074998000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    219051500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    137614500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356666000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    219051500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1212612500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    219051500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1212612500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 142045.190275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142045.190275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100436.267767                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85848.097318                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94256.342495                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100436.267767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 132222.494821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126115.574348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 100436.267767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 132222.494821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126115.574348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         18604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7253                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3131507173500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        29954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1055872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      1055872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1055872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   11351    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           30542250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
